# Alchemy

A few classes can spend gold to creat alchemical creations, these are not magic but require magical knowledge.
- Wizard
- Warlock
- Soothsayer
- Mystic

## How to create
- You must be in a town or a larger urban area in order to purchase the rare ingredients. 
- You need not buy each ingredient, as none are listed, merely expend gold.
- Each takes 1 day to create, is the only thing the character may do that day, and a maximum of 3 unique creations can be made per day.
- Non magical character could potentially buy these from NPC magic user, if one is a vendor in town, at a 200% markup.
- Only fellow adventurers would consider purchasing them, if you see them in town.

## Creations
**Alchemist's Fire**: A violatile substance that easily catches flame; when a glass vial of this substance is violently shattered is creates fire in a 10 foot radius, dealing 1d8 each turn to all in the area turn for 1d6 turns. Can be used to target a single create as well. One use,  *100 gold**.

**Clay of Metal Fusion**: A small clay bar, about the size of a stick of chalk, when placed against one or more pieces of metal it will fuse them together as if welded in 10 seconds. Useful for sealing locks or other metal devices. One use, *50 gold*.

**Slow Acting Poision**: A small vial of noxious liquid, easily hidden in drinks; if consumed, will kill 1 person in 2d4 days. One use, *200 gold*.

**Vial of Acid**: A small vial that can melt a 2 x 2 inch piece of metal. usefule for disabling locks or other metal devices. Three uses, *75 gold*.

**Viscious Posion**: Can be applied to weapons, if damage is dealt to an opponent, apply an additional 1d4 damage. Lasts 1 combat encounter, *75 gold*.

**Silvered Wax**: Can be applied to weapons or objects, allows them to effect creatures weak to silvered weapons. Contains 5 uses, one use lasts one combat encounter, *50g*.
